{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD1A6051E_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularG1;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green72\blue90;
\red66\green72\blue90;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c33021\c35774\c42792;
\cssrgb\c32941\c35686\c42745;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Why are you interested in the Engineering, Co-op role with Certn?\

\fs20 \

\f1\b0 I am excited about the Engineering Co-op role at Certn as it perfectly aligns with my skills, particularly in software development, documentation, testing, and debugging. I am eager to contribute to projects under the mentorship of senior developers. I have experiences working with PostgreSQL, JavaScript and Python. I consistently use Git to mantain all my projects. Currently I am focusing on Web Development Projects using JavaScript and TypeScript-React. 
\f0\b \
\

\fs26 Please share any prior experience\'a0 or coursework you have\'a0 with software development tasks, including coding, debugging, and software testing.
\fs20 \
\

\f1\b0 Most recently, I have worked with the Ground Support team at our Rocketry Club, collaborating with close to 19 other developers, in building a portable application made entirely using MERN stack. Although I was not familiar with many of the tools used in the project, I was fully onboard with my team and contributed to many of the frontend designs, using TypeScript-React. \
\
Besides this, I have had a couple of experiences with various personal projects, like for example a Weather Application made using Swift Programming Language, or my portfolio website made only using JavaScript. \
\
My GitHub has a list of all my previous and current projects: github.com/arfazhxss\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 Have you worked with Python, Django, Javascript, React, or PostgreSQL before? If so, could you share some details about your experience and any projects you've been involved in using these technologies?
\fs32 \

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I have familiarity working with Python, JavaScript, React in some of the projects I have been involved in. I have familiarity with Python and PostgreSQL from my coursework. I have mostly used Python in solving Algorithms and Data Structure questions online (mainly leetcode). I am currently learning about Maps, Advanced DOM and Events, Asynchronous features in JavaScript.\
\
I developed an interest in learning about JavaScript through building my online portfolio website from scratch at www.arfazhxss.ca (a work in progress). I plan to complete the entire portfolio using React, integrating a backend into the website.\
\
Beyond web development, I've engaged in Graphics/Visual Computing Projects. Last year, I crafted a three-dimensional Rubik's Cube using C++, OpenGL, and math libraries. Earlier, I developed a command-line interface game 'Tic Tac Toe' and a two-dimensional dinosaur game in Java. In my personal projects, I prioritized learning from existing developer projects, and improving on the codebase and documentation.}